# CS210_Project_Three - Item Tracking System
##### Summary of the project:
This project is a C++ program that utilizes Python as well. Pulling information from a data file, it displays the types of items found in the data file as well as the number of times a single item is in the file. It also allows the user to search for an item type and tells them how many of those items were in the data. 
##### What did you do particularly well?
I believe my use of classes in C++ are well executed, keeping Main simple and small. This allows for greater readability as well as the ability to make updates on individual pieces for testing. I also believe that the layout and user interaction was done well.
##### Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?
I believe my use of Python could be improved upon. I have not utilized Python in sometime and my knowledge of the language is currently limited. Increasing my knowledge of Python and the many libraries available could have made the Python code function in a more compact and direct way. 
##### Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network?
The most challenging part of this project was utilizing data files. This is something that I have not done before in a fully functional code, so getting the file and utilizing the data within it proved to be tricky. Utilizing online tutorials, forums and example code, I was able to develop my own funcitonal code and continue to grow in my understanding of what the code was doing and how to interact with files. I also utilized professionals in the field to ask questions and seek guidance, which I will continue to do throughout my career.
##### What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
Utilizing two languages at once is by far the biggest transferable skill that I hope to continue to utilize and grow in understanding. It opens many doors and opportunities to improve my future code, its funcinality and ensuring I'm utilizing the best languages for given situations and end goals.  
##### How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
The biggest way I made this progam maintainable and adaptable would be the use of a switch statement, class functions, and my user input validations. If in the future additional opperations were needed in the program, it would be easy to add on to the existing code, create new functions to execute the new functionality and add the options into the main menu. The use of inline comments in all of my files allows the user to follow along in the code to understand what each component is doing and why. 
